---
title:  "My Master's in Computer Science"
layout: post
categories: masters
---

<h3 style="text-align: center">1<sup>st</sup> Sept 2022 – 15<sup>th</sup> May 2024</h3>

I started my master’s with a renewed vigour for academia. After spending 3 years in the industry, I was excited to return to an educational campus full of eager-eyed students, erudite professors, and a host of activities it all entails. Not to forget, moving to an entirely new country.



Not completely unknown, the United States is a global superpower at the moment and its largest export is pop culture. I have grown up, undoubtably like many others, on a steady diet of American movies, TV shows and songs. But of course, as Plato had already discovered, knowing is not experiencing. My life here has immensely expanded my perception of reality, of this Earth, and its inhabitants. The successful globalisation that propels this country allowed me deeper insights into the sociology of our entire planet. This itself is enough reason to justify my move abroad.

Nonetheless, the pursuit of knowledge I encountered in my college balances uneasily with the disappointments. The master’s program at UMass had taken an unexpected turn by the time I arrived on my first day of class. Eager to meet a culturally diverse and vibrant set of individuals, I was instead greeted by around 180 Indian immigrants just like me. All ready to start a new better life in these United States of America.

In this upcoming series, I write my experiences for posterity, but I wouldn’t mind if a casual reader finds useful information, or even some inspiration in my journey. I might include some advice, and some warnings. But I caution all readers that they are purely a result of my exact circumstances.

### Table of Contents

1. Dining
2. Amherst
3. University of Massachusetts
4. Academics
5. Research